[RLlib] Docs do-over (new API stack): New `MetricsLogger` API rst page. (#49538)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/rllib-callback.rst

        `theta1` is the angle of the first joint, where an angle of 0.0 indicates that the first
        link is pointing directly downwards.

This example utilizes RLlib's :py:class:`~ray.rllib.utils.metrics.metrics_logger.MetricsLogger` API to log the custom computations

> of the injected code. Read :ref:`more about the MetricsLogger API here <rllib-metric-logger-docs>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the injected code. See :ref:`rllib-metric-logger-docs` for more details about the MetricsLogger API.
```
